# # FundamentalsNREITNODIRECTIncomeStatement

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cost_of_goods_sold** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{cogs}} is the aggregate cost of goods produced and sold, and services rendered during the reporting period. It excludes {{TotalOperatingExpense}}, such as {{DDA}} and {{SGA}}. &lt;br&gt;{{cogs}} is directly linked to profitability of the company through {{grossmargin}}. {{grossmargin}} is calculated as ({{revenue}} - {{cogs}}) / {{revenue}}. &lt;br&gt;{{cogs}} is also directly linked to another concept called {{InventoryTurnover}}, which is calculated as {{COGS}} / Average {{Inventory}}.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**depreciation_depletion_amortization** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{DDA}} is a present expense that accounts for the past cost of an asset that is now providing benefits. Depletion and amortization are synonyms for depreciation. Generally: The term depreciation is used when discussing man made tangible assets. The term depletion is used when discussing natural tangible assets. The term amortization is used when discussing intangible assets&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**ebit** | **float** | In accounting and finance, earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), is a measure of a firm&#39;s profit that includes all expenses except interest and income tax expenses. It is the difference between operating revenues and operating expenses. | [optional]
**ebitda** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization ({{EBITDA}}) is what the company earns before it expenses interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. &lt;br&gt;{{EBITDA}} is calculated as {{EBITDA}} &#x3D; {{Revenue}} - {{COGS}} - {{SGA}} - {{RD}} &#x3D; {{Gross_Profit}} - {{SGA}} - {{RD}} &lt;br&gt; The use of {{EBITDA}} is an attempt to make the results of different companies more comparable and uniform.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**ebitda_margin** | **float** |  | [optional]
**eps_basic** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{eps_basic}} is a rough measurement of the amount of a company&#39;s profit that can be allocated to one share of its stock. {{eps_basic}} do not factor in the dilutive effects on convertible securities. &lt;br&gt;{{eps_basic}} is calculated as: {{eps_basic}} &#x3D; ({{Net_Income}} - {{IS_preferred_dividends}}) / {{shares_basic}}&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**eps_diluated** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{eps_diluated}} is a rough measurement of the amount of a company&#39;s profit that can be allocated to one share of its stock. {{eps_diluated}} takes into account all of the outstanding dilutive securities that could potentially be exercised (such as stock options and convertible {{Preferred_Stock}}) and shows how such an action would impact {{per_share_eps}}. &lt;br&gt;{{eps_diluated}} is calculated as: {{eps_diluated}} &#x3D; ({{Net_Income}} - {{IS_preferred_dividends}}) / {{Shares_Outstanding}}&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**gross_margin** | **float** | Gross Margin % is calculated as gross profit divided by its revenue. | [optional]
**gross_profit** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Gross_Profit}} is the different between the sale prices and the cost of buying or producing the goods. It is calculated as {{Gross_Profit}} &#x3D; {{Revenue}} - {{COGS}} &lt;br&gt;{{Gross_Profit}} is the numerator in the calculation of {{grossmargin}}: {{grossmargin}} &#x3D; {{Gross_Profit}} / {{Revenue}} &#x3D; ({{Revenue}} - {{COGS}}) / {{Revenue}} &lt;br&gt;A positive {{Gross_Profit}} is only the first step for a company to make a net profit. The {{Gross_Profit}} needs to be big enough to also cover related labor, equipment, rental, marketing/advertising, research and development and a lot of other costs in selling the products.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**interest_expense** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{InterestExpense}} is the amount reported by a company or individual as an expense for borrowed money. It is related to {{interest_coverage}}, which is a ratio that determines how easily a company can pay interest expenses on outstanding debt. &lt;br&gt;{{interest_coverage}} is calculated as -1 * {{Operating_Income}} / {{InterestExpense}} &lt;br&gt;If both {{InterestExpense}} and {{InterestIncome}} are empty, while {{NetInterestIncome}} is negative, then use {{NetInterestIncome}} as {{InterestExpense}}.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**interest_income** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{InterestIncome}} is the interest earned on cash temporarily held in savings accounts, certificates of deposits, or other investments.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**is_preferred_dividends** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{IS_preferred_dividends}} is a dividend that is accrued and paid on a company&#39;s preferred shares. In the event that a company is unable to pay all dividends, claims to {{IS_preferred_dividends}} take precedence over claims to dividends that are paid on common shares.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**net_income** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Net_Income}} is the net profit that a company earns after deducting all costs and losses including {{COGS}}, {{SGA}}, {{DDA}}, {{InterestExpense}}, non-recurring items and {{tax}}.  &lt;br&gt;{{Net_Income}}  &#x3D; {{Revenue}} - {{COGS}}, - {{SGA}} - {{RD}}  - {{DDA}} - {{InterestExpense}} + Non-Recurring Items  - {{tax}} &#x3D; Earnings Before Depreciation and Amortization - {{DDA}} - {{InterestExpense}} - Non-Recurring Items (NRI) - {{tax}} &#x3D; {{Operating_Income}} - {{InterestExpense}} - Non-Recurring Items (NRI) - {{tax}} &#x3D; {{Pretax_Income}} - {{tax}}&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**net_income_continuing_operations** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Net_Income_(Continuing_Operations)}} indicates the net income that a firm brings in from ongoing business activities. These activities are expected to continue into the next reporting period.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**net_income_discontinued_operations** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Net_Income_(Discontinued_Operations)}} indicates the net income that a firm brought in from operations that will not be used in future reporting periods.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**net_income_including_noncontrolling_interests** | **float** |  | [optional]
**net_interest_income** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{IS_NetInterestIncome}} is the income earned by banks from the fund they have on their balance sheet.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**net_margin** | **float** | Net margin is calculated as Net Income divided by its Revenue. | [optional]
**operating_income** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Operating_Income}}, sometimes also called Earnings Before Interest and Taxes (EBIT), is the profit a company earned through operations. All expenses, including cash expenses such as {{COGS}}, {{RD}}, wages, and non-cash expenses, such as {{DDA}}, have been deducted from the sales. &lt;br&gt;{{Operating_Income}} (EBIT) &#x3D; {{Revenue}} - {{COGS}} - {{SGA}} - {{RD}} - {{DDA}} &#x3D; {{Gross_Profit}} - {{SGA}} - {{RD}} - {{DDA}} &#x3D; {{EBITDA}} - {{DDA}}&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**operating_margin** | **float** | Operating Margin % is calculated as Operating Income divided by its Revenue. | [optional]
**other_income_expense** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{OtherIncomeExpense}} includes {{Minority_interest}}. {{Minority_interest}} is a significant but non-controlling ownership of less than 50% of a company&#39;s voting shares by either an investor or another company.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**other_income_minority_interest** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{OtherIncomeExpense}} includes {{Minority_interest}}. {{Minority_interest}} is a significant but non-controlling ownership of less than 50% of a company&#39;s voting shares by either an investor or another company.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**other_net_income_loss** | **float** |  | [optional]
**other_operating_charges** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;GuruFocus uses a standardized financial statement format for all companies. For non-financial companies, GuruFocus lists {{SGA}}, Advertising, {{RD}}, and {{other_operating_charges}} under the \&quot;{{TotalOperatingExpense}}\&quot; section. {{other_operating_charges}} sometimes includes: Restructuring, and merger, Acquisition related and other, Litigation settlement charge, Other (too numerous to list). Some companies can and do choose to report each of these items separately. Yet, there are a variety of {{other_operating_charges}} which are simply too numerous to list.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**pretax_income** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Pretax_Income}} is the income that a company earns before paying income taxes. &lt;br&gt;{{Pretax_Income}} is calculated as {{Operating_Income}} + {{Non_Operating_Income}} + {{InterestExpense}} + {{InterestIncome}} + other&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**research_development** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;This is the expense the company spent on research and development.&lt;br&gt;If competitive advantage is created by a patent or tech advantage, at some point it will disappear. High {{RD}} usually dictates high {{SGA}} which threatens the competitive advantage.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**revenue** | **float** |  | [optional]
**selling_general_admin_expense** | **float** | Selling, General, &amp; Admin. Expense (SGA) includes the direct and indirect costs and all general and administrative expenses of a company. For instance, personnel cost, advertising, rent, communication costs are all part of SGA. | [optional]
**shares_outstanding** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{Cash_Flow_from_Others}} may include {{ChangeInWorkingCapital}}. These are cash differences caused by the {{ChangeInInventory}}, {{AccountsPayable}}, {{Accts_Rec}} etc. For instance, if a company pays its suppliers slower, its cash position will build up faster. If a company receives payments from its customers slower, its {{Accts_Rec}} will rise, and its cash position will grow more slowly (or even shrink).&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**tax_provision** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{TaxProvision}} is the tax to be paid.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**tax_rate** | **float** | &lt;p&gt;{{TaxRate}} is the ratio of {{tax}} divided by {{Pretax_Income}}, usually presented in percent. &lt;br&gt; {{{TaxRate}} &#x3D; {{tax}} / {{Pretax_Income}}&lt;/p&gt; | [optional]
**total_operating_expense** | **float** |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
